Studio 1.14.0 release notes (#4107)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.14.0
=====
* Studio Code: Added a /liberate command to recreate sites from other platforms (e.g. Wix) as WordPress #3940
* Studio Code: Added a /publish command to push local sites to WordPress.com #4043
* Studio Code: Updated the assistant's available model to Sonnet 5 #4024
* Studio Code: Agent file edits now show as proper line-by-line diffs in the CLI and desktop assistant #4076
* Studio Code: Improved plugin recommendations for Automattic products, and tuned agent behavior for native PHP vs Playground sites #4023, #3995
* Studio Code: Fixed an unwanted gap in block themes scaffolded by the assistant #4053

> * Fixed native-PHP sites failing to load on Windows when the user profile path uses a short (8.3) name #4082

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a fatal Windows issue where native PHP sites failed to run when the username was longer than 8 characters #4082
```
I would put this at the top, as it fixes a potentially fatal error.

Author: Good point, thanks, I moved it.

> * Fixed studio push for sites pulled with native reprint #3994

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Nothing with Reprint is live yet, so we can drop this

> * Sync: preserved Pressable site metadata during reconciliation #4078

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue where Pressable site would be marked as unsupported in Sync tab #4078
```
@gcsecsey, you can probably word this better than I can, but the current explanation is more focused on the code than the outcome for users (which seems to actually be of interest in this particular case)

Author: Thanks, updated.
